To borrow money to pay
Money pay money
Dong Tao
If you don't borrow money today, I won't leave today
Brother Dong, how are your relatives?
You have to lend it to you
I'm alright
I don't have money, what will I give you money?
Do what you want
If you don't want to do it, go away
You humble yourself, you come down.
I really think of myself as a haunted house
Isn't it the banger?
Hong Tao, you dog
I will kill you too
Who are you cold?
He must be with you
gang
Pull the wool out of him
Brother, calm down
If you really kill someone
What about the wife and children at home?
I'm here to help you.
Dude, I don't want to kill anyone
I just want to go back to my past
Brother, you are good at it
Follow me from now on
Help me teach a good lesson, execution is a good boy
Don't forget to have fun with you
Kid, I can only tell me if I look up to you
Don't be ignorant of good or bad
Oh oh
Oh.
Let go, let go, big brother
Let go let go